welcome to slash forward
i hope you're ready to examine a gaping
hole with the 1987 kid adventure classic
the gate i'm also going to be doing a
giveaway that's detailed at the end of
the video so be sure to check that out
and i have it time stamped for your
convenience
let's get to it we open
in a typical suburban neighborhood where
the future prince of the vampires rides
his 10 speed down the road and enters
his home as if for the first time
no one answers his calls as he wanders
about he checks out his sister al's room
but is distracted from committing
mischief by a noise from downstairs
where he finds evidence of a recent
feast the treehouse summons him and he
complies
despite the weather turning against him
as a result he barely has time to play
with his favorite dolly before lightning
strikes and fills the tree
causing him to wake up he ponders this
new experience
finding its symbolism to awaken a
bubbling cauldron in the pit of his gut
where resides a latent compulsion toward
destruction and then realizes twas no
mere dream as he heads out to find a
storm did
in fact bring her down now he has a
whole gang of teamsters in his backyard
after they removed the tree we learned
that they left behind a sweet geode
and a smoking hole and one of those two
things was my nickname in high school
len and his buddy terry go digging for
more precious crystals
and end up uncovering an actual portal
to hell which
pays off in the form of a huge new geode
then they observe as
alexandra and her budding maturity has
turned her attention to shopping malls
and is tossing out a bunch of smelly old
rockets
a disappointment for glenn who now needs
supervision to blast off after a recent
incident with the roof
as the afternoon rolls on a mild plague
begins to gently emerge from the hole
while the boys hang out and do some guy
stuff then glenn's father observes the
hole disapprovingly but apparently
misses its throbbing rim
at dinner al works her parents over
heart convincing them that she's old
enough to take care of her
and glenn while they take a weekend trip
they reluctantly agree to leave them
alone but only if glenn gets that hole
filled in right after dinner he does so
but then confides to his dad that
there's something strange about that
hole
and terry agreed with him when he
mentioned it earlier but his dad brushes
this off warning glenn that tearster is
a bit of a weirdo ever since his mom
died
he's had some destructive tendencies and
he warns his son to be careful around
him
oh hey thanks ass the next morning finds
the kids saying their goodbyes as the
rents cut out
delirious with sexual anticipation we
then immediately transitioned to al's
rager full of pop music
smoking and stares of mild seduction
upstairs the boys are tippity-tapping on
their geode hoping to unleash its
magnificent bounty and they discover it
to be full of sound and fury the impact
also created a strange magnetic
phenomenon
in the form of words which glenn
naturally reads out loud
because that seems like standard
protocol the result here is the whole
unleashing a portion of its magical
energy in the form of smoke
while inside the party has settled into
the ghost story phase of the evening
the typical precursor to full-on
debauchery as if to prove this point
they attempt to grunt out a levitation
trick but find brody's girth to be
unmanageable failing this they decide to
try it out on glenn because he's small
susie guides them through the procedure
despite her lack of accreditation and he
finds that a world without gravity
is an incredibly dangerous place his
fear and surprise turns to shame and he
locks himself away in his room
alan terry coax them out by sharing
their own embarrassing stories but when
he emerges he wants to call his
mommy in order to sidestep the possible
fallout al agrees to shut down the party
and let terry spend the night if he
agrees to keep his mouth
zipped up tight later on terry takes a
trip down the hallway to make water
while back in the room glenn notices an
abundance of moth action
as well as some unsettling movement
inside his walls
meanwhile terry notices and is
confronted by an abundance of his
dead mom who reaches out to him hoping
to pull him into a warm embrace as an
expression of her undying love
but as they twirl in joyful reunion
terry pulls back to see it was just
glenn's dead dog
oh well i'm sure it wasn't your fault
the next morning the friends say their
goodbyes and terry heads home to check
in
a completely unnecessary step given the
way his dad runs the house now
len figures that your dog dying is
probably the point at which you'd want
to call the parents but al hasn't
cleaned up yet and insists on hailing it
herself
so as to appear more mature in front of
her ridiculous friends
as that unfolds we find terry practicing
some performance art in his room when he
realizes that the album he's playing
gives a very specific and detailed
account of demonology that seems to
relate very specifically to that giant
gaping hole in his best bud's backyard
meanwhile glenn is trying to get the
older kids to take him more seriously
but we learn that they've attributed his
levitation to a mere trick of the
eye this is mostly the result of
hormones as we learn eric is so
thirsty for al that he agrees to kart
angus all around town so the ladies are
free to head to the mall for some
snackage
as they leave glenn gets all up in his
feelings about the imminent loss of
innocence that accompanies the
changing seasons of his life he gets
snapped out of this when he hears the
bug zapper going nuts which he goes to
investigate he decides to unplug it
before noticing his steaming hole in the
backyard
now unfilled he runs to the front door
and just as he goes to leave
terry arrives and tells him the bad news
you got demons
their best bet cover it up with some
crap they got laying around
while eric is striking out with most
veterinarian offices being closed the
boys head back to terry's so he can fill
him in on his learnings
glenn's not getting the connection here
so terry takes him through it step by
step
the whole the geode the levitation all
that's needed at this point is a
sacrifice to fully open the gate so it's
a good thing that part never
accidentally came to fruition but
anyways so eric circles back to the
house to return the carcass and notices
a very convenient and deep hole in the
backyard
terry figured out that playing his album
backward provides a gate closure ritual
which they attempt to perform
but before they can finish al shows up
and distracts them with a special treat
and since eric filled things in for them
they walk away with a false sense of
security
soon they're blasting off a two stager
like old times and all seems right with
the world again
until al's terrible friends show up for
a slumber party bored the boys root
around in the upstairs closet
uncovering a shotgun an old thunderbolt
so you know they got some good times on
the horizon
later as everyone in the house dozes off
a peculiar shadow is cast upon the wall
then with the bug zapper back on glenn
wakes up drawn to the zapper the window
truly grosses him out before also
severely endangering his eyes
he calls in al to show her what happened
and they try to wake up terry to see if
he's okay but he shows up behind them
curious about what they're up to
and they discover he's been replaced by
a stinking surprise
then a few slimy hands start pawing it
out trying to drag her under but only
managed to come away with a minor
souvenir
everyone runs downstairs screaming but
are relieved to find that mom and dad
have returned but when glenn goes to
formally greet his father in the manner
he was taught
daddy pranks him good by revealing his
head to be a rotting husk
filled with fluid that disintegrates
upon impact with the sidewalk
inside the kids get all torched up and
al bravely ventures out to the back to
check if the coast is clear for them she
doesn't see anything but only because
she's not looking down
upon warnings from the others she runs
back and just barely makes it in
now recognizing the gravity of the
situation she attempts to make a quick
call to a teen throb hotline for advice
but unfortunately finds that her parents
have blocked 900 numbers from the
homeline so now their best bet is to
venture into the basement to get the
spells
unfortunately when they find it it's
been rendered unusable as an alternative
glenn makes a recommendation that they
grab a bible
now armed with the power of prayer they
again make their way out to the backyard
hole
however with mentions of sacrifice al's
friends decide to split off here and
wait out the conclusion
at the gate terry begins the selected
prayer and things begin to turn
old testament on them but with
indications that it's working as they
manage to at least get a downdraft going
feeling fairly confident about his
mastery of the dark arts terry gets a
bit too close to the rim and ends up
sliding to the bottom
where he finds he's been invited for
dinner by the underground domes who
disagree about who has rightful claim to
terry's haunches
terry manages to break free and climb up
a ways and then is pulled to safety
while the pit
undulates with dark magic having lost
his page now terry just tosses that
[ __ ] right in
setting the hole on fire and resulting
in a satisfying explosion in the
aftermath they find the pit has been
filled in so they dance on what has now
become a mass grave for the gnomes but
when they return to the house it's oddly
quiet and still
the girls then hop out of the pantry
returning the general atmosphere to
normal and the fellas likewise jump out
looking to retrash the freshly cleaned
home
having had enough excitement however al
tells them all to go head for the
mountains before heading off to clean
herself up
the boys too wired to fall asleep go to
watch tv instead when a body falls out
of the wall
what's worse it's some sort of mobile
corpse and it takes terry before
magically patching the drywall
upgrading this to kind of a medium bad
situation len runs upstairs and finds
things to be fairly demonic
and when the corpse comes for another
sacrifice al rocks the [ __ ] out of his
face with the boombox which causes him
to fall into a dozen little
gnomes glenn has a momentary struggle
with self-blame but al refocuses him by
assigning the task of retrieving the
shotgun but when he reaches for it
ratboy pops out and starts grabbing onto
glenn's hand with his terrible teeth
seeing that this is a modified version
of terry al gives no quarter in
compelling the release of her brother
they find that locking themselves in the
closet is no help as the demon corpse
has free range of the wall system
and is impervious to gunfire as a result
he gets al turned upside down
eliminating her greatest strength being
right side up which allows him to drag
her off as the second necessary
sacrifice
so now glenn knows there's some big [ __ ]
coming but he remembers that the evil
can be cast off with light and love
and he heads upstairs as the true gate
reveals itself he pulls out thunderbolt
but has trouble getting her lit
as the waves of hell crash upon his home
leaving him no choice but to fearlessly
face down the main demon he patiently
waits for birdo to puke an egg at him so
he can throw it back
but they seem instead to reach a
temporary understanding
and glenn is even granted the gift of
true sight as the demon retreats he
stumbles to a window to see the backyard
hole is now evacuating its contents into
our atmosphere
he then collapses in frustration and
attempts to compel the monster's return
by forsaking its gift
then he makes his way down the frame of
the stairs so he can get access to the
electric ignition from his newest rocket
it requires 2d
batteries an easy fix which he finishes
right as his new friend arrives
he fires off the rocket in such a way
that the blast should melt his face off
but instead it just forcibly penetrates
the beast's torso before exploding and
killing it
throwing glenn safely to the outside of
the blast radius while also setting off
some celestial fireworks that clear the
sky
he makes his way back to the smoldering
wreckage of his home where angus
al and terry emerge from the closet
alive and well the kids then sit on the
front porch and wait patiently for the
return of their parents
i just wanted to give another huge thank
you to everyone who watches and enjoys
my videos for 10k subscribers in this
video i'm continuing
the giveaway in which five people who
enter will win slash forward hoodies all
you have to do to enter is like the
video and then comment with your guests
as to what movies are featured in my
original intro
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll be collecting entries in this video
and the next video and announcing the
winners in my march 16th video
i'd also like to give a huge thanks to
my donors memorialized in the hall of
head shots
[Music]
the gate is an awesome nostalgia movie
it really does a good job of balancing
the kid adventure with
horror in a poltergeist style it hasn't
caught on quite as well as some other
similar movies from the 80s but it does
a really good job of capturing that
essence and is well worth the watch
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching